docs/guide/getting-started/index.md, before:

# Virgo

::: tip NOTICE !
[Virgo UI](https://github.com/emuzex/virgo-ui) is currently in WIP. It is not yet ready for production use. We appreciate your support and feedback as we work to make it ready for everyone.

At present, the component library still needs a large number of components. You are welcome to contribute components, and you are also welcome to make comments and suggestions!
:::

## What is Virgo?
Virgo is Vue framework build using UnoCSS & VueUse. It provides ready to use components with great DX & flexibility.

Virgo provides component styles using UnoCSS preset so components are completely unstyled. This allows you to create the UI however you like and shape components according to your design.

## Why virgo?

Customization is a piece of cake with Virgo. It is as simple as overriding object 🤯

### Why dependencies

Virgo is based on [UnoCSS](https://github.com/unocss/unocss), [VueUse](https://vueuse.org/) & [Floating UI](https://floating-ui.com/). Virgo is dependent on these dependencies because there is a saying that goes, "_Don't reinvent the wheel_."

## Environment

All components supported in modern browsers, support of neerly two or three versions.

## Browsers support

## Browsers support

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/edge/edge_48x48.png" alt="IE / Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>IE / Edge | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Firefox" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Firefox | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/safari/safari_48x48.png" alt="Safari" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/safari-ios/safari-ios_48x48.png" alt="iOS Safari" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>iOS Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/vivaldi/vivaldi_48x48.png" alt="Vivaldi" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Vivaldi | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/electron/electron_48x48.png" alt="Electron" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Electron |
| --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- |
| IE11, Edge| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions

## Latest Version

[![Emuzex - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Emuzex&message=virgo-ui&color=blue&logo=github)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui "Go to GitHub repo")

[![stars - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Emuzex/virgo-ui?style=social)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui)

[![forks - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Emuzex/virgo-ui?style=social)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui)

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/Emuzex/virgo-ui?include_prereleases=&sort=semver&color=blue)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui/releases/)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)](#license)

[![issues - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Emuzex/virgo-ui)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui/issues)

Commit message:

Update documentation for installation guide and library introduction
The changes update both the installation guide and library introduction part of the documentation. They aim to enhance the clarity and readability by revising the sentences for brevity and removing emojis. The changes also better describe the library with appropriate terminologies and present its key features in a list for better readability.

docs/guide/getting-started/index.md, after:

# Virgo

::: tip NOTICE !
[Virgo UI](https://github.com/emuzex/virgo-ui) is currently in WIP. It is not yet ready for production use. We appreciate your feedback as we work to make it ready for everyone.

Currently, Virgo needs a large number of components. You are welcome to make comments and suggestions!
:::

## What is Virgo?
Virgo is a library for Vue 3. It provides ready to use components with great dx, accessibikity and maximum control.

Virgo provides global configuration for styling components, so it's completely unstyled. This allows you to create the UI however you like and shape components according to your design.

To ease your journey, we offer a default configuration, thoughtfully developed with UnoCSS, ready to kickstart your project.

## Why virgo?
- **Unstyled**: Virgo is completely unstyled, so you can style it however you like. CSS-framework independent.
- **Accessible**: Virgo is built with accessibility in mind, so you can be sure that your app is usable by everyone.
- **Global Configuration**: Customization is effortlessly simple, but it's not just about the looks. Virgo provides global configuration for control over everything.
- **Tree Shaking**: Virgo is tree-shakable, so you only bundle the components you use.

## Dependencies
Virgo incorporates [VueUse](https://vueuse.org/) and [Floating UI](https://floating-ui.com/) as key dependencies.
The reliance on these libraries is guided by the wisdom of not "reinventing the wheel."

## Environment

All components supported in modern browsers, support of neerly two or three versions.

## Browsers support

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/edge/edge_48x48.png" alt="IE / Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>IE / Edge | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Firefox" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Firefox | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/safari/safari_48x48.png" alt="Safari" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/safari-ios/safari-ios_48x48.png" alt="iOS Safari" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>iOS Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/vivaldi/vivaldi_48x48.png" alt="Vivaldi" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Vivaldi | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/electron/electron_48x48.png" alt="Electron" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Electron |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- |
| last 2 version                                                                                                                                                                                                  | last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions

## Latest Version

[![Emuzex - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Emuzex&message=virgo-ui&color=blue&logo=github)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui "Go to GitHub repo")

[![stars - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Emuzex/virgo-ui?style=social)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui)

[![forks - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Emuzex/virgo-ui?style=social)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui)

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/Emuzex/virgo-ui?include_prereleases=&sort=semver&color=blue)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui/releases/)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)](#license)

[![issues - virgo-ui](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Emuzex/virgo-ui)](https://github.com/Emuzex/virgo-ui/issues)
