docs/guide/getting-started/installation.md, before:

# Installation

## Install packages

1. Add `@virgo-ui/vue` and its supporting libraries

    ::: code-group
      ```bash [pnpm]
   pnpm add @virgo-ui/vue
      ```
      ```bash [yarn]
   yarn add @virgo-ui/vue
      ```
      ```bash [npm]
   npm i @virgo-ui/vue
      ```
    :::

2. Update your `main.ts` file as shown below:

    ```js{3,5-6,8,10}
    import { createApp } from 'vue'
    import App from './App.vue'
    import { virgo } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

    // virgo styles
    import '@virgo-ui/vue/dist/style.css'

    // Using `app.use(virgo)` will register virgo plugin
    createApp(App)
      .use(virgo)
      .mount('#app')
    ```

It's done! 🥳

Now, Just refer to the component in your vue files:

```vue
<template>
    <virgo-button>
        <tooltip text="Hello!" />
        Hover Over Me
    </virgo-button>
</template>
```

<em class="block mt-12 mb-10">Probably you might not want to globally register the components. You can also follow the approaches below:</em>

### Tree Shaking

You can also follow À la carte fashion if you don't want to register all the components globally.

1. Set `registerComponents` option to `false` while registering virgo plugin.

    ```diff
      import { virgo } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

      createApp(App)
    -   .use(virgo)
    +   .use(virgo, { registerComponents: false })
        .mount('#app')
    ```

2. Now import the components individually from `@virgo-ui/vue`

    ```vue
    <script setup>
    import { Tooltip } from '@virgo-ui/vue'
    </script>

    <template>
      <virgo-button>
         <tooltip text="Hello!" />
         Hover Over Me
      </virgo-button>
    </template>
    ```

### Auto importing components w/ Tree shaking

[unplugin-vue-components](https://github.com/antfu/unplugin-vue-components) lets you auto import components on demand. With this you can omit import statement and still get benefits of tree shaking.

1. Make sure to set `registerComponents` to `false` in the `main.ts` file if you haven't

    ```diff
      import { virgo } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

      createApp(App)
    -   .use(virgo)
    +   .use(virgo, { registerComponents: false })
        .mount('#app')
    ```

2. Install unplugin-vue-components:

    ::: code-group
      ```bash [pnpm]
      pnpm add -D unplugin-vue-components
      ```
      ```bash [yarn]
         yarn add -D unplugin-vue-components
      ```
      ```bash [npm]
       npm i -D unplugin-vue-components
     ```
    :::

3. Add the following in `vite.config.ts`:

    ```js
    // other imports
    import Components from 'unplugin-vue-components/vite'
    import { VirgoComponentResolver } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

    export default defineConfig({
      plugins: [
        // other plugins
        Components({
          resolvers: [
            VirgoComponentResolver()
          ]
        }),
      ],

      // other config
    })
    ```

4. Now just use the component and it will be auto imported on demand 🤯

    ```vue
    <template>
      <virgo-button>
         <tooltip text="Hello!" />
     	 Hover Over Me
      </virgo-button>
    </template>
    ```

## Volar Support

If you are using [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar), you can specify global component types by adding the configuration below in your [`jsconfig.json`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/jsconfig).

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    // ...
    "types": ["@virgo-vue/vue/volar"]
  }
}
```

If you have a typescript project, you will have to configure the above in the `tsconfig.json` file.

That's it, enjoy the autocompletion 🥳

Commit message:

Update documentation for installation guide and library introduction
The changes update both the installation guide and library introduction part of the documentation. They aim to enhance the clarity and readability by revising the sentences for brevity and removing emojis. The changes also better describe the library with appropriate terminologies and present its key features in a list for better readability.

docs/guide/getting-started/installation.md, after:

# Installation

## Install packages

1. Add `@virgo-ui/vue` and its supporting libraries

    ::: code-group
      ```bash [pnpm]
   pnpm add @virgo-ui/vue
      ```
      ```bash [yarn]
   yarn add @virgo-ui/vue
      ```
      ```bash [npm]
   npm i @virgo-ui/vue
      ```
    :::

2. Update your `main.ts` file as shown below:

    ```js{3,5-6,8,10}
    import { createApp } from 'vue'
    import App from './App.vue'
    import { virgo } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

    // virgo styles
    import '@virgo-ui/vue/dist/style.css'

    // Using `app.use(virgo)` will register virgo plugin
    createApp(App)
      .use(virgo)
      .mount('#app')
    ```
Now, you can use the components in your vue files:

```vue
<template>
    <virgo-button>
        <tooltip text="Hello!" />
        Hover Over Me
    </virgo-button>
</template>
```

<em class="block mt-12 mb-10">It's understandable if you prefer not to register the components globally. Consider these alternative methods instead:</em>

### Tree Shaking

You can also follow À la carte fashion if you don't want to register all the components globally.

1. Set `registerComponents` option to `false` while registering virgo plugin.

    ```diff
      import { virgo } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

      createApp(App)
    -   .use(virgo)
    +   .use(virgo, { registerComponents: false })
        .mount('#app')
    ```

2. Now import the components individually from `@virgo-ui/vue`

    ```vue
    <script setup>
    import { Tooltip } from '@virgo-ui/vue'
    </script>

    <template>
      <virgo-button>
         <tooltip text="Hello!" />
         Hover Over Me
      </virgo-button>
    </template>
    ```

### Auto importing components w/ Tree shaking

[unplugin-vue-components](https://github.com/antfu/unplugin-vue-components) lets you auto import components on demand. With this you can omit import statement and still get benefits of tree shaking.

1. Make sure to set `registerComponents` to `false` in the `main.ts` file if you haven't

    ```diff
      import { virgo } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

      createApp(App)
    -   .use(virgo)
    +   .use(virgo, { registerComponents: false })
        .mount('#app')
    ```

2. Install `unplugin-vue-components`:

    ::: code-group
      ```bash [pnpm]
      pnpm add -D unplugin-vue-components
      ```
      ```bash [yarn]
         yarn add -D unplugin-vue-components
      ```
      ```bash [npm]
       npm i -D unplugin-vue-components
     ```
    :::

3. Add the following in `vite.config.ts`:

    ```js
    // other imports
    import Components from 'unplugin-vue-components/vite'
    import { VirgoComponentResolver } from '@virgo-ui/vue'

    export default defineConfig({
      plugins: [
        // other plugins
        Components({
          resolvers: [
            VirgoComponentResolver()
          ]
        }),
      ],

      // other config
    })
    ```

4. Now just use the component and it will be auto imported on the fly.

    ```vue
    <template>
      <virgo-button>
         <tooltip text="Hello!" />
     	 Hover Over Me
      </virgo-button>
    </template>
    ```

## Volar Support

If you are using [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar), you can specify global component types by adding the configuration below in your [`jsconfig.json`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/jsconfig).

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    // ...
    "types": ["@virgo-vue/vue/volar"]
  }
}
```

If you have a typescript project, you will have to configure the above in the `tsconfig.json` file.
